{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28260\viewh16940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Homework (30\'9645 minutes)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Please read only these sections from the latest Infosys Annual Report:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Chairman's Letter\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CEO's Message (if separate)\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Management Discussion & Analysis (MD&A)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Then prepare a one-page note covering:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Business Summary: What does Infosys do?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Revenue Drivers: Where does its revenue come from?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Growth Strategy: What are the key strategic priorities?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Key Risks: What risks has management identified?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Your View: If you were the CEO, what would be your top three priorities for the next three years?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Screener.in\
\
	Revenue trend\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 	Profit trend\
	ROE\
	ROCE\
	Debt\
	Cash flow\
	Shareholding\
	Peer comparison\
\
Pass 1\
	Understand\
		Business\
		Strategy\
		Risks\
		Vision\
\
Pass 2\
	Financial statements\
\
Pass 3\
	Notes to Accounts\
\
Pass 4\
	Capital Allocation\
\
Pass 5\
	Corporate Governance \
\
AI Agents\
\
	Research Director\
\
	Business Analyst Agent - Business summary\
\
	Financial Analyst Agent - Ratio analysis\
\
	Valuation Agent - DCF\
\
	Risk Analyst Agent - Risk Matrix\
\
	Macro Analyst Agent - \
\
	Report Writer Agent\
\
Questions to remember - \
\
	1. Can I verify using the numbers?\
	2. What percentage of revenue comes from AI-related services\
	3. Is AI work growing faster than the rest of the business\
	4. Are AI engagements improving operating margins\
	5. Are AI deals are larger than traditional deals\
	6. Demand increasing?\
	7. Attrition fell?\
	8. Company expects growth next year\
	9. AI is reducing experienced hiring?\
	10. What was the growth of the IT services industry?\
	11. How did Infosys compare with competitors?\
	12. Did it gain or lose market share?\
	13. How utilisation improved ?\
	14. Has revenue per employee changed?\
	15. Has operating margin improved?\
	16. Has attrition decreased?\
	17. Is AI increasing productivity enough to offset hiring costs?\
\
Framework to invest in a company\
\
	Business Quality\
\
	Management Quality\
\
	Financial Analysis\
\
	Valuation\
\
	Risks\
\
	Competition\
\
	Intrinsic Value\
\
The Income Statement \
\
	The Complete Journey\
\
		Revenue	->	Gross Profit	->	Operating Profit	->	Profit Before Tax	->	Net Profit\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 Why Analysts Care\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \strokec2 	Revenue tells us:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 		Can the company sell?\strokec2 \
	Operating Profit tells us:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 		Can the company operate efficiently?\strokec2 \
	Net Profit tells us:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 		Did shareholders actually earn money?\strokec2 \
	Each level answers a different question.\
We are financially strong - A research analyst should ask - Cash Balance, Debt, Current Ratio, Shareholder Equity
\f2\fs24 \
}